# My Trip to Yosemite National Park

After I graduated from fifth grade in 2025, my family and I decided that for summer break, we would have a road trip from home to Yosemite NP in California in August. We origanally planned to be camping for almost every night, but we ended up mostly sleeping in hotels and inns whenever we couldn't snag a good campsite. This trip was very fun and exciting, even when things went wrong. In Oregan, we visited an International Rose Test garden, full of beautiful flowers. My favorite blossom has bright orange petals with pink edges, and it smells amazing. The next day, we went to Crater Lake National Park, and splashed around happily in the blue-green water. We then visited Tahoe Lake, split between Nevada and California. The water here is crystal-clear (and freezing cold), and my dad, my sister Ella, and I swam in the Nevada side for a while. We camped next to Emerald Bay, on the California side, and then went into Yosemite National Park. The roads went under El Captian, the biggest rock summit, and we took several stunning photos of it. Also, we got to hike a couple of small trails, including the Lower Yosemite Falls trail, which was my favorite. Since the waterfall was almost completely dried up, my dad, my sister, and I climbed on the rocks at the bottom of the falls that were usually covered with water. It was super fun, but I did trip a few times, because the rocks were so slippery. We went to a park store and museum, and I purchased two postcards to send to my friends. My dad, my sister, and I got to watch a traditional Native American tribal dance. It was amazing to learn about their culture and traditions. On the way out of Yosemite valley, we got to see Tunnel View, which had an amazng view of Half Dome, El Captian, and many mountains. Then, Google Maps made a very bad mistake. It guided our car onto a single lane road. There were some signs at the front of the road that said "Road Closed", but the signs had been moved aside so cars could go through. Halfway through the road we almost collided with two other cars going the opposite direction. What made it worse was that it was the middle of the night and almost completely dark, making it incredibally hard too see the cliff on the edge of the road. I was scared stiff. Fortunatly, we soon drove off that disastrius road and into a small town, where we slept in a hotel. After all that, we went to see the Golden Gate bridge, but the fog was so thick that we could only see the bottom. We got out of our car to take a closer look and were immedietly frozen in the howling wind. It was so cold that we just hopped back into our car and drove away. We also went to see the coastal redwoods in the Lady Bird Johnson Grove in Californina, and they were so tall that we couldn't even see the top of the trees! It was a fasinating experience. On the way home, we visited several beaches and played in the sand and sea. We also went shopping in Woodburn Premium Outlets in Portland, Oregan and got some new, back-to-school clothing for my sister and me. When we finally got home, it was the middle of the night, but my mom insisted that my sister and I take a shower before going to bed! This vacation was a thrilling adventure, and I really enjoyed going on this trip!

